migration gude: python 2 => 3 implications (#435)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/major-changes/python-2-3.rst

Python 2 => 3
=============

.. admonition:: Does This Change Affect Me?
   :class: tip

   This change will affect you if your workflows extend Cylc or Jinja2 with
   custom Python scripts.

   This does not impact :term:`task` scripts, Cylc can still run Python 2
   tasks if desired.

Overview
--------

> .. _six: src/7-to-8/major-changes/python-2-3.py

Reviewer: Not sure this should be a .py?
```suggestion
.. _six: src/7-to-8/major-changes/python-2-3.rst
```

Author: Yikes, more like:

```suggestion
.. _six: https://pypi.org/project/six/
```

Cylc 7 ran under Python 2, Cylc 8 runs under Python 3.

Cylc can be extended with custom Python scripts. These scripts are run under
the same version of Python used by Cylc.

As a result if you are moving from Cylc 7 to Cylc 8 you must upgrade any
scripts from Python 2 to Python 3 in the process.

If you want to support both Cylc 7 and 8 you must support both Python 2 and 3.

> There are tools to help you do this e.g. `six`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are tools such as `six`_ to help you do this.
```

Impacted Scripts
----------------

The following scripts must be upgraded if used:

:ref:`CustomJinja2Filters`
   These allow you to extend Jinja2 with Python code.

   These scripts are located in the following directories within a workflow:

   * Jinja2Filters
   * Jinja2Tests
   * Jinja2Globals

:ref:`Modules imported by Jinja2 <jinja2.importing_python_modules>`
   Python modules can be imported from Jinja2 e.g:

   .. code-block:: jinja

      {% from "os" import path %}

:ref:`Custom Trigger Functions`
   Any custom x-trigger functions.

> Module Changes
> --------------

Author: ```suggestion
Package Name Changes
--------------------
```

> Three Python modules have been renamed between Cylc 7 and Cylc 8:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Three Python packages have been renamed between Cylc 7 and Cylc 8:
```

* ``cylc`` => ``cylc.flow``
* ``isodatetime`` => ``metomi.isodatetime``
* ``rose`` => ``metomi.rose``

> If you are importing these modules you will need to update the module names.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are importing from these packages you will need to update the package names.
```

Here are some examples:

.. rubric:: Convert Python code from Cylc 7 to Cylc 8:

.. code-block:: diff

   - from cylc import LOG
   + from cylc.flow import LOG
   - from isodatetime.data import Duration
   + from metomi.isodatetime.data import Duration

> .. rubric:: Pyhton code which supports both Cylc 7 & Cylc 8:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. rubric:: Python code which supports both Cylc 7 & Cylc 8:
```
